on but it makes it wondering who to vote
for in the New York Senate that's right
Beetlejuice a bite-sized shrunken head
black man with a mission his stance on
abortion he has a great plan for a tax
cut plan for the education system and
what does Betelgeuse have to say to Rick
Lazio and Hillary Clinton
man with the play and finally how does
Senate candidate Betelgeuse feel about
drugs trick to draw my vision to grow
here's some of the whack vet to show
their support for being Jews
Bardolph support veto juice because me
yeah baby yeah baby
but wait there are opponents of
Beetlejuice here's Hank the angry
drunken dwarf and John the stutterer
they should fall forbidden jokes just
because he exists he's an idiot he's a
faggot semarang he's a big piece of
trash his uses human sucks I won't vote
for real juice
because he's a small headed
dumb ugly retarded prick Beetlejuice for
Senate because we have a choice choose
the black man with a little head brought
to you by the friends of Beetlejuice and
a crackhead Bob Foundation and what's
next for Beetlejuice if he wins the
Senate race